I'm Charlie Watson I'm 18 today actually
is the beetle for sale
yours kid happy birthday
[Music]
what are you
so you have no idea where he came from
no idea
[Applause]
well here's the deal people can be
terrible about things they don't
understand from now on the only person
you can show yourself around is me I'm
good now I'm good thanks
there's a war raging on our planet
if this criminal isn't found that war
may find its way sir anyone that can
help you or the family Oh
they're calling an army
I've seen firsthand these things really
are
bumblebee there is only one way to end
this war
you must protect earth and its people
this is how we stop down
you've cut me
and I'm not going anywhere
you